6.0.0 - 2017/xx/xx
==================

.. include:: ../../Includes.txt

.. only:: html

.. contents::
        :local:
        :depth: 3

Thanks to
---------

**Contributors**

- Johannes
- Sascha Marcel Schmidt
- Kay Strobach
- Jan Kiesewetter


Important changes
-----------------

The following changes might be important for your installation.

Version dependency 7.6.13+ or 8.5+
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
To improve the performance and code quality, at least TYPO3 `7.6.13` or `8.5.` are required.

Deprecate ViewHelpers for Facebook, Google+, Twitter
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The following ViewHelpers have been deprecated:

- `<n:social.facebook.like />`
- `<n:social.facebook.comment />`
- `<n:social.googlePlus />`
- `<n:social.twitter />`

The ViewHelpers will be removed with the version 7.0.0.

Install & configure the extension `rx_shariff` which takes care of the privacy of your users!

Error msg if news not found
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
While rendering a **detail view** and a news record is not found anymore (e.g. because it has been deleted or set to hidden) an error message is now shown instead of an exception.
This has been achived by setting the following default TypoScript:

.. code-block:: typoscript

        plugin.tx_news.settings.detail {
                errorHandling = showStandaloneTemplate,EXT:news/Resources/Private/Templates/News/DetailNotFound.html,404
        }

To achieve the previous behaviour, use

.. code-block:: typoscript

        plugin.tx_news.settings.detail {
                errorHandling = pageNotFoundHandler
        }

Check width & height set in Flexform
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. Hint::

        This change is only relevant to you if you are using the default templates for the **List** view.

Width and height of images can be set in the plugin. Previously those values have not been used in the templates but they are used now.

.. code-block:: html

        <f:image image="{mediaElement}" title="{mediaElement.originalResource.title}" alt="{mediaElement.originalResource.alternative}" maxWidth="{f:if(condition: settings.media.maxWidth, then: settings.media.maxWidth, else: settings.list.media.image.maxWidth)}" maxHeight="{f:if(condition: settings.media.maxHeight, then: settings.media.maxHeight, else: settings.list.media.image.maxHeight)}"/>

Move toggle link in admin module to toolbar
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The link in the administration module to toggle the filter form has been moved to the toolbar.

|img-admin-module-filter|

Features
--------
List of all features.

Provide filter by type
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The `NewsDemand` class got a new property `types` which can be used to filter the returned news records by its type.

Ajax Pagination
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The templates and documentation has been enhanced to make it easy to use AJAX for the pagination.
Thanks to Helmut Hummel who provides the awesome extension `typoscript_rendering` which is used for it.

Add enclosure tag to deliver images in the stream
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The `List.xml` template which is used for RSS feeds is enhanced with the enclosure tag which provides the url to the first preview image.

Add ViewHelper to display media files inline
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Using images in the RTE is often loved by editors and disliked by integrators and developers. With this version, a mixture is available which can satisfy all users.

By using the `RenderMediaViewHelper` in the templates, an editor can now place the keyword `[media]` in the RTE which are replaced by media elements saved in the FAL relation.

Benefits:

- An editor can place images and media elements where he wants
- The relation is safed in a safe manner
- The media elements can later be still modified

.. Info::

        As the ViewHelper and its usage is new, feedback is highly welcomed!

Improved content element relations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
To improve the usability of content elements added to a news item, the preview in the backend is enhanced by rendering the content elements as in the page module.

|img-content-element-relation|

All Changes
-----------
This is a list of all changes in this release: ::

        2016-12-30 [TASK] Move toggle link in admin module to toolbar (Commit d7ace3f by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-30 [FEATURE] Provide filter by type (Commit bed8a25 by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-29 [FEATURE] Document the AJAX pagination (Commit 572fee8 by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-29 [FEATURE] First steps for an ajax based pagination (Commit 87a63c1 by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-29 [BUGFIX] Support for compatibility6 usage (Commit 4a1defb by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-29 [TASK] Adopt license (Commit 2a012d8 by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-29 [TASK] Code cleanup (Commit 5a2590d by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-29 [FEATURE] Improved content element relations (Commit 8b09b73 by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-29 [TASK][FOLLOWUP] Return null for handleNoNewsFoundError (Commit 18fee2d by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-28 [!!!][TASK] Check width & height set in Flexform (Commit 1493d0b by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-22 [FEATURE] Error msg if news not found (Commit 80d678d by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-22 [DOC] Add sponsors to release (Commit b262ffb by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-21 [DOC] Add lightbox config of fcs as well (Commit 970ebb3 by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-21 [TASK] Remove undefined from tag search (Commit fe5f4aa by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-21 [FEATURE] add ViewHelper to display media files inline (#167) (Commit fa8340c by Johannes)
        2016-12-21 [BUGFIX] Render dummy image if no FAL preview media and feature is enabled (#173) (Commit 0b297a3 by Jan Kiesewetter)
        2016-12-21 [DOC] Document showContentElementsInNewsSysFolder (Commit fb3ac3d by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-21 Update .travis.yml (#191) (Commit 58a1963 by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-15 Merge branch 'master' of github.com:georgringer/news (Commit 6eb3220 by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-15 [BUGFIX] Use correct label in PageLayoutView (Commit 144fc46 by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-15 removes odd brace (#188) (Commit a0fde56 by Sascha Marcel Schmidt)
        2016-12-14 [BUGFIX] Remove max config from date fields (Commit d1f893a by Georg Ringer)
        2016-12-14 [FEATURE] Add enclosure tag to deliver images in the stream (#185) (Commit c631ffb by Kay Strobach)
        2016-12-06 [TASK] Move call to registerPageTSConfigFile to TCA/Overrides (Commit a431f39 by Georg Ringer)

This list has been created by using `git log --since="2016/11/27" --abbrev-commit --pretty='%ad %s (Commit %h by %an)' --date=short`.
